Item-title: Unconcealment VII

----

Caption: 

The Unconcealment short film series is video portraits of artists.
Gazı Sansoy’s video portrait was filmed at Istanbul in 2018. Before the principle photography and film score composition, a series of interviews are conducted with the artist to create a main frame of the narrative. This method enables the Unconcealment videos to contain elements of improvisation along with narrative story stelling. In addition, the video portraits do not carry any dialogue but rather are complimented by the music. 
This method separates Unconcealment from classic documentary film making. 
The Unconcealment films are inspired by the ideas of German philosopher Martin Heidegger. This inspiration does not contain itself with just the origin of an idea but also finds its way into the style of the film, which is also evident in which materials and objects are added or excluded in the film.
One of the main pillars of M. Heidegger’s philosophy stands on the notion of truth, and truth for M. Heidegger happens through a comportment of humans to things in themselves. Such comportment, brings out the essence of truth. This way of understanding our world is called Unconcealment.
‘‘Unverborgenheit’’ (Unconcealment), was a word the Martin Heidegger used as a translation for the ancient Greek word “alethia”. Heidegger referred to the ‘‘truth’’ as “alethia”. 
“Alethia” literally means for a thing to be unveiled, or ‘‘not-concealed.’’ Unconcealment is the idea that what entities truly are depends on the conditions that allow them to manifest themselves. This concept, central to Heidegger’s work, also applies to worlds in a dual sense: first, a condition of entities manifesting themselves is the existence of a world, and second, worlds themselves are disclosed. Unconcealment, therefore, is the most important historical event, and Heidegger believes there have been a number of distinct worlds that have emerged and disappeared in history.
Unconcealment video portraits are attempts at filming the finding of such worlds, with the method described above.

----

Video-url: https://vimeo.com/256400218

----

Visibility: true

----

Sort: 7